we have to talk
[Music]
if there's anything that you learn or
any of these videos it's that you have
to have something to say and I've been
thinking a lot lately about what I want
this channel to become because I have a
lot to say I want this to document the
building of this business so here's what
I've come up with I want to be able to
share stories but i also want this
youtube channel to be a hundred percent
positive you see ever sit just just a
lightsaber so ever since Donald Trump
won the presidential election I've been
tearing my hair out and I realized that
this is probably how a lot of other
people felt for the last eight years
under President Obama I didn't feel that
way but they probably did and respect
right like not everybody's for everybody
but before I talk about my new business
venture I want to give it some context
this is really cool story about leonard
woolf you see Leonard and his wife
Virginia had been listening to Adolf
Hitler as he kind of rose to power
they've been listening to a savage just
insane ramblings week after week one day
when Leonard was out in his orchard his
wife called min said hey that maniacs on
the radio again and he told her I'm not
coming i'm out here planning irises and
they'll be blooming long after he's dead
I don't know what my version of planning
irises is but I intend to find it and so
should you because whether it's four or
eight years of Trump or the eight years
of Obama previously like this is the
best way to cope with a situation like
that whenever you're frustrated with
somebody in power build something
that'll outlast them I've ended every
single podcast episode with I've been
Brendan hufford don't forget to work
hard be nice to people and don't get too
lost trying to create something that
matters and that's what I want to focus
on don't get lost trying to create
something that matters don't let an
election or anything derail you and
while I'm giving advice to you this is
really just for myself so despite my
inability to keep my mouth shut about
things political on facebook and twitter
I'm going to make this YouTube channel a
place free of all of that a place just
all about positivity the hardest way is
always through and
intend to come out the other side of
this having created something that
matters and you should too give this
video a thumbs up below subscribe
comment and love to read a comment about
what you're building I have been Brendan
hufford don't forget to work hard be
nice to people try not to get too lost
creating something that matters
[Music]